Remove optional prefix - not allowed (#576)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools/ingestion/index.md

- supplier's email (not a generic inbox)
- supplier's IP addresses
- supplier's SSH public key

> - destination bucket's location on Analytical Platform (for example: `s3://${DESTINATION_BUCKET}/${OPTIONAL_PREFIX}`)

Reviewer: I think this can be reverted, it is an option. Could it be explicitly referenced in the example below using the same OPTIONAL_PREFIX terminology?

Author: I think this is confusing, here we are asking the user for the destination bucket name, if we also say optional_prefix they will think we can implement that. I do not believe this works in the code.

### User Home Directories and Access Permissions

> Each user connecting to the ingestion service is assigned a dedicated home directory within the `mojap-ingestion-<environment>-landing` S3 bucket. The directory format is:

Reviewer: I would revert this section as it is accurate as is. The introduction of file in `mojap-ingestion-<environment>-landing/<username>/<file>` doesn't make sense in this context.

The directory format is:

`mojap-ingestion-<environment>-landing/<username>/<file>`

When users connect via SFTP they are restricted to their `<username>` home directory. Attempts to access directories outside this path (for example, the root `/`, `mojap-ingestion-<environment>-landing` or another `<username>`) will result in permission errors.

### Specify Destination Bucket Prefix

> The directory format, including `<username>`, copies across to the destination bucket. However, once connected to the ingestion service, the user can specify the destination prefix structure when uploading with the `put` command:

Reviewer: I think by not using the word 'prefix' here and changing to 'directory' this will make more sense. Something like "... the user can specify folders in the destination with the following command `put` command."

Reviewer 2: Agree, maybe also good to frame it more around user options - default vs different.

```suggestion
### Specify a destination path

By default, the ingestion service copies the directory structure (including `<username>`) to the destination bucket. After connecting to the service, you can upload to a different destination path by specifying it with the put command:
```

```bash
sftp> put <local/file/path> <destination/file/path>
```

> For example:

Reviewer: Should this be a heading @sdurnberger?

Reviewer 2: No heading, code examples just need a good lead-in line like above 👍
